We consider geometric algebra the be the high-level "object-oriented"
language for encoding geometry, whereas---in this context---linear
algebra is more akin to assembly language.

Fontijne 2006

-- 

Even today mathematicians typically typecast Clifford Algebra as the
"algebra of a quadratic form," with no awareness of its grander role
in unifying geometry and algebra as envisaged by Clifford himself when
he named it Geometric Algebra... [which is] a comprehensive
mathematical language for physics, engineering and computer science.

Hestenes 2016

-- 

A central theme in the history of mathematics is an intricate dance
between geometry and algebra, with each playing solo on occasion.
Drawing on contributions by Grassmann and Hamilton, the two were fused
into a comprehensive Geometric Algebra by W. K. Clifford in the middle
of the nineteenth century.

Hestenes 2016

--

Newton's well-known quote [viz "If I have seen further it is by
standing on the shoulders of giants"] to Hooke finds no better
illustration than in the development of what we call Geometric
Algebra.  The primary set of shoulders in the Geometric Algebra epic
belong to Hermann Grassmann, who epitomized the mathematical mind, at
least in process, if not in expositional style.  He systematically
created algebras for geometric concepts by listing essential elements
and operations and then reducing them to minimal axiomatic schemes.


It was William Kingdon Clifford, who then recognized the sublime value
of joining [the inner and outer products], into one product via a new
algebraic "addition" of the two products.  The geometric product of
Clifford was cast as the fundamental operation with inner and outer
products defined in terms of it.  Its subtlety lies in the fact that
it is not a binary operation as we are used to thinking of

Hildenbrand 2013

--

Geometry is a pervasive mathematical concept that appears in many
places and in many disguises ... an algebra for geometry is therefore
a desirable mathematical tool, and indeed many such algebras have been
developed.  The first ones were probably Grassmann's algebra of
extensive entities, Hamilton's quaternions, and complex numbers, which
were all combined by W. K. Clifford into a single algebraic system,
Clifford algebra.  The aim of this text is not only to show that
Clifford algebra is *the* geometric algebra, but also to demonstrate its
advantages for important engineering applications.

Perwass 2009


